1. However, sometimes I need to find a different way to do something by making adjustment , and I want to put those things in the 'can do' category .

2. The first aspect to my philosophy is that I'm okay with what I ultimately can't do because there is so much I can do .

3. Isn't it hard living with Progeria ?

4. What daily challenges of Progeria do you face ?

5. And I'd like to say that , even though I have Progeria, most of my time is spend thinking about things that have nothing to do with  Progeria at all.

6. Here's a **clip** with me playing Spider-man with the Hight School Marching Band at **halftime** **a couple of years ago**.

7. I believe I can do for all of my dreams . So hopefully , you can **accomplish your dreams** **with this outlook**.

8. The next aspect to my philosophy is that I surround myself with peoples I want to be with people of high quality.

9. I'm **extremely lucky** to have an **amazaing** family who have always supported me **throughout my entire life**.

10. We see each other for who we are on the inside .

11. We can now **mentor** younger band members as a single collective unit.

12. **What I love** *about* **being in a group** like the band , is that the music that we make together , is true , is genuine , and it **supersedes** Progeria.

13. I feel like I'm **at my highest point** when **I'm with the people** that **surround me** every day. 

14. They **provide** the real positive influences in my life .

15.**So the bottom line here**, is that I hope you appreciate and love your family and acknowledge your mentors ,  because they are a very real aspect of everyday life , they can make a truely significant , positive impact .

16. I always try to have something to look forward to.

17. It doesn't have to be big.

18. All of these things keep me focused , and **know** that there's a bright future **ahead** , and **may** get me **through** some difficult times that I may be **haveing** .

19. **I try hard** not to waste energy **feeling** badly for myself, because **when I do**, I get **stuck in** a **paradox**,  where **there's no room** for **any** happiness or any other emotion .

20. **It's not** that I ignore  when I'm feeling badly ,  I kind of accept it , I let it in, so that I can acknowledge it , and do what I need to do to move past it .

21. I want to be an inventor who would **catapult** the world into a better future . Maybe this came from my love of Legos , and the freedom of expression that I felt when I was building **with** them . And this was also **derived** from my family and my mentors .

22. Now today my ambitions have changed **a little bit**. I'd like to go into **the filed of Biology** , maybe cell biology , or genetics , or biochemistry , or **really anything** .

23. This is a friend of mine who I **look up to**.

24. **I feel that** no matter what I choose to become , I believe I can change the world . And as I'm **striving** to chage the world , I will be happy . 

25. That was a **pretty great** experience ,but it was also four years ago . And like anyone , **my view on many things have changed** , and **hopefully matured** , like my potential career choioce .  However , some things have **stayed the same** *throughout that time* .

26. I would like to show you a clip of my younger self from the film that I fell **embodies that philosophy** .

27. So, as you can seen I've been thinking this way for many years. But I'd never really had to **apply all of these aspects of my philosophy to the test** *at one time* **until last Januray**.

28. **I was pretty sick**, **I had a chest cold**, and **I was in the hospital** **for a few days**.

29. Somtimes **faltered**, **I had bad days**, but I realized that **being brave** isn't **supposed to be easy**. And for me , I feel **it's the key way** to **keep moving forward** .

30. I don't waste energy **feeling bad for myself** .

31. **I surround myself with people** that I want to be with.

32. So with this philosophy , I hope that all of you, **regardless of your obstacles**,  can have a very happy life **as well** .

33. One more a piece of advice 