#### Personal Introduce

I'm Bruce. Over the past three years, I have worked as a computer engineer for two different companies. My first job was at a research institute, where I did lots of things including the Big Data Platform, Knowledge Graph, and Smart Enterprise Operation Platform. We accessed government programs and implemented it. So I learned lots during this period. In my second job, I became the youngest front-end expert at an internet company. In my role, I was responsible for building the company's most important program, which included a low-code platform and a super APP. I'm skilled at Python and JavaScript. My strength is that I can go from a freshman to a skilled developer in a short time. That'all. Thank you. 


#### Why do you choose us?

In fact, I checked almost all the computer science programs available in Hong Kong. In my view, the program in Data Analysis and Artificial Intelligence at Hong Kong Baptist University is the finest. It suits my career plan to be a computer scientist, but just a computer programmer.



#### Which major do you perfer, Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence or Information Technology?

Personally, I prefer Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence. Like electrocity in the past century, AI is the basement and power of this time. The Data Analytics is essential for business and government. In my career, I experienced AI's power.  It's my belief that AI still has a bright future.


#### Why our programe can help you to achieve your dream?


#### Why are you qualified for our programme?


#### Why go on to graduate shool?

#### Have you encountered  any hardships at work?


#### Which courses are you most interested in?


#### Waht projects have you completed in your work?


####  Do you have any questions to ask me?

Can I continue to apply the PHD in the future?

I‘ll really appreciate if I could receive your offer, so how long will I receive?

#### How do you learn Python?


#### What do you know about R language?



#### Future Plan

I have a clear career plan. I will build the system and structure of AI and data analysis for myself. To be a computer scientist is my dream, so I'll expolre the technological frontier. Of course, I'll keep the ability of programming because it's critical for computer science. I hope I can produce some valuable paper and develop superior algorithms and systems.


#### What are your role in this programe?


#### Why do you quite your job?


#### What do you konw about this  programe?


#### How do you arrange your time?


#### What difficults may you meet when you come to HongKong?


Sorry, could you repeat the question?

