
#### Find the details

First, we need to review the detail words and their connecting words before we get started.

7 Details:

Who: This adds a new person to the sentence.

What: This adds a new noun or activity.

Where: This adds a location to the sentence.

When: This adds a time to the sentence.

Why: This explains a reason "because / for" or action "to".

How: This explains how something happened. Usually "with or by".

Which: This is the easiest detail to add. It is an adjective and goes before the noun.

#### Prepare the common connecting words 

Now the common connecting words for each details.

Who: You can just use a Name for this.

What: "a / an" then the Noun, "The" before a "specific" Noun, Activity.

Where: in, at, on, next to, near, far from... then the Location.

When: in, at, on, after... then the Time.

Why: for "reason", to "do something", because "reason".

How: with "what or who", by "how you do something".

Which: any adjective before a Noun.

#### Examples

Q: What is the weather today?

Step1. 

*Find the Verb: Is.*

"Is" is a verb and here it is the only verb so it is our subject verb.

*Pronoun: The weather.*

"The weather" is our pronoun here. Remeber that pronouns can be things. So that means we will just bring this to our pronoun spot. 

*Tense: Present*

Since "is"  is our only verb it also tells us the tense of the sentence. We can see here that it is present tense.

Step2.

*First, let's conjugate[ˈkɒndʒəɡeɪt]【v.列举(动词)词性变化】 the verb.*

CTV: The weather is.

*Then, adding a detail from the question.*

Detail1: The weather is *snowy*.  ("what")

Detail2: The weather is snowy *today*. ("When" details are usually the last detail to add.)

Detail3: The weather is *cold* and snowy today. ("what")

Detail4: The weather in HongKong  is cold and snowy today.





